_You never were the first choice._

_No chance you were top pick for this job._ 

_But crisis can turn the proximal into light-bringers._

# Mission // #001
## Bug-Hunt

**_HUDSON: “Is this going to be a stand-up fight, sir, or another bug-hunt?”_**

**_GORMAN: “All we know is that there is still no contact with the colony, and that a xenomorph may be involved.”_**

**_FROST: “Excuse me sir, a what?_”**

**_GORMAN: “A xenomorph.”_**

**_HICKS (louder): “It’s a bug-hunt.”_**

**_– Aliens, 1986_**

# Trade Frigate "Nineveh" // 15.4.5014u

After a month of cold-storage transit, the squad are thawed out of their cyro, given life once again. Other than restore feeling in the limbs and gaze into infinity from the observation blister, all which could be done was read and reread the puzzlingly light intel package on the assignment ahead. 

1. The Co-contractors — **LANDMARK COLONIAL (LC)** and Union Administrator **[REDEACTED]** — stress that **GROUND TEAM (GT)**, deployed on behalf of Subcontractor **MIRRORSMOKE MERCENARY COMPANY (MSMC) XXXst DETACHMENT** must make it their prime directive to treat the situation on-world with the utmost care. **[REDACTED]**, co-signer of the Contract, has provided the Subcontractor with confidential intel suggesting that **ARDENNES-3, “HERCYNIA"** may in fact be populated by a pre-colonial indigenous culture. Evidence is inconclusive. This intel was provided to the Subcontractor in good faith; therefore **GT** is _not_ to reveal the implications behind this intel to **LC** personnel under any circumstances. 

2. **LC**, subsidiary of **SMITH-SHIMANO CORPRO (SSC)**, is the current legal holder of the planetary charter for **ARDENNES-3, "HERCYNIA"**. On landfall, **GT** are proceed to the terrestial colony of **EVERGREEN** and make contact with Landmark administrative staff to present credentials and formally integrate into the local hierarchy.

3. **ARDENNES-3, "HERCYNIA"** was once subject to a widespread and catastrophic expeditionary campaign in the final epoch of the **SECOND COMMITTEE (SECCOMM)**. Records lack detail, but information prospected from the old databases of the defunct **UNION COLONIAL MISSION (UCM)** indicate SecComm mounted similar campaigns against resistant populations in a significant number of theaters in the wake of the **HERCYNIAN CRISIS**. As a result, **HERCYNIA** is host massive amounts of radiation, phantom distress signals, encrypted comms, and the general “noise” that emanates from the world. Ground Team should expect to encounter old Union military infrastructure in the form of unexploded ordinance, waste radiation, and — potentially — derelict ground-based installations.

**MSMC-246-WHISKEY-OSCAR-KILO-ECHO**, christened Ground Team by virtue of the Contract, find themselves perturbed by their intel packet, least not of all its lightweight nature.  

# Landfall, Hercynia // 18.4.5014u

Approaching the world, the SIGINT deck of the autoshuttle carrying **WHISKEY-OSCAR-KILO-ECHO** reports that **HERCYNIA** — as detailed in the CRT's thin packet — is throwing off an incredible amount of noise, likely as a result of being a post-collapse **SECCOMM** “punching bag” littered with old, decaying military infrastructure and ruins. Clear signals between the autoshuttle and mothership — civilian trade frigate **_NINEVAH_** — become difficult to maintain. Unfortunately, optics are similarly shot. Hercynia appears to be socked in under a planetwide monsoon season, blanketing all but the most extreme poles with thick cloud cover.

The squad lands safely, dismounts from their shuttle, and begin assembling their gear as a small group approaches from the wilderness. The group introduce themselves as members of the **EVERGREEN MILITIA**. The welcoming party is led by none other than the commander of the colonial milita forces, **BRAVA HADURA**. After an exchange of pleasantries, Commander Hadura quickly informs WOKE squadron to get moving, and to stay low while doing so — there's a sniper in the area. As all depart, the autoshuttle takes flight, returning to a mothership waiting patiently to depart the **ARDENNES SYSTEM**. 

The Last-Ones-Out will not recieve evac until the next Union standard year. 

# Hercynia, Evergreen // 19.4.5014u

Guided through the lush overgrowth, light acidic rainfall falls on the **MSMC** mercs on the trek to **EVERGREEN**. The potential of a mechanized sniper looms and puts all on edge. The pilots long for the cockpits of frames yet printed.

**BRAVA HADURA**, joyful despite the grim circumstances, leads militamen and pilot alike into a valley within which the colony rests. The commander sees the Painted Strays cross over the unfinished Founders Bridge over wooden planks connecting erected halves. The Lazy River — so-named by the colonists for is easy, gradual flow — runs precariously below. Security drones aerial and ground-based secure the perimeter, supplemented by fireteams of milita, all bearing the livery of **LANDMARK COLONIAL**. 

Commander Hadura completes her escort by leading the pilots into the city proper, a grid-based circle of pre-fabs and superstructures awaiting generations at present embryonic. A bright, elaborate neon sign marks the end of the journey, marking a three-story structure as **THE BOTTOM OF THE WELL**. The pilots are told this is to be their home on **HERCYNIA**, their nest as birds of war. They were to meet the administrators the next morning. 

There are only four hours of night on Ardenness-3, among the first adjustments the newest migrants have to make to their new posting. Brava Hadura once again provides them escort, this time throught the concrete and prefabriated jungle known as Evergreen. Following a narrow brush with anti-material rifle fire — which claimed the lives of some of WOKE Squadron's protectors — the pilots at last arrived at the Governor's Farm, the very heart of the colony itself. 

Funneled through a veritable labyrinth of 
